Add data-state English translation (#52)
andrew--r/forweb.dev: src/site/en/blog/2020-04-29-data-state/index.md

```javascript
const comments = {
  isLoading: false,
  isLoaded: false,
  isError: false,
  errorText: '',
  data: [],
};
```

At the first glance, these flags look convenient enough. Using those data loading looks like this:

```javascript
const comments = {
  isLoading: false,
  isLoaded: false,
  isError: false,
  errorText: '',
  data: [],
};

function loadComments() {
  comments.isLoaded = false;
  comments.isError = false;
  comments.isLoading = true;

  fetch('/comments')
    .then((response) => response.json())
    .then((data) => {
      comments.isLoading = false;
      comments.isLoaded = true;
      comments.data = data;
    })
    .catch((error) => {
      commments.isLoading = false;
      comments.isError = true;
      comments.errorText = error.message;
    });
}
```

It turns out to be confusing and repetitive. You have to be careful which flags you want to reset, otherwise your application will have meaningless flag combinations like `isLoading: true` and `isLoaded: true`.

> A more practical approach to solve this problem is to describe the state of one `dataState` field and automatically calculate flags based on the value of this field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more practical approach is to describe the state with single `dataState` field and automatically calculate flags based on the value of this field:
```

```javascript
const dataStates = {
  notAsked: 'notAsked',
  loading: 'loading',
  loaded: 'loaded',
  failed: 'failed',
};

const comments = {
  dataState: dataStates.notAsked,
  errorText: '',
  data: [],

  get isLoading() {
    return this.dataState === dataStates.loading;
  },

  get isLoaded() {
    return this.dataState === dataStates.loaded;
  },

  get isError() {
    return this.dataState === dataStates.failed;
  },
};
```

> The code has grown a bit, but the values of all flags are now changed automatically, and the probability of error due to incorrect update of one of the flags is reduced to zero. The comments uploading function becomes much simpler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code has grown a bit, but all flags now change automatically, and the probability of error due to incorrect flag update is reduced to zero. The comments uploading function becomes much simpler:
```
